improves style explanaiton (#1070)
geocompx/geocompr: 09-mapping.Rmd

\index{tmap (package)!interval scale}
The `tm_scale_intervals()` function splits the input data values into a set of intervals.
In addition to manually setting `breaks`, **tmap** allows users to specify algorithms to create breaks with the `style` argument automatically.
The default is `tm_scale_intervals(style = "pretty")`, which rounds breaks into whole numbers where possible and spaces them evenly.

> Here, we highlight other useful scales (Figure \@ref(fig:break-styles)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other options are listed below and presented in Figure \@ref(fig:break-styles).
```

Bit more concise and clear, not totally clear what the 'Here' is referring to.
